So let us look at some of the tools and applications that you will get
familiar or maybe you already know that we'll be using throughout this course.
So first, we will be using some of the tools which are in the standards,
as you would say, toolbox of a Machine Learning Engineer.
We will be working with Python version 3.7 and Jupyter notebooks.
We'll be working with PyTorch version 1.3.
We'll be working with NumPy as of early 2020 version 1.18 is the latest one.
You'll get exposure into some of the imaging tools which are specific
to medical imaging workflows and 3D medical imaging workflows.
This would be a variety of different viewers such as MicroDicom,
RadiAnt, and 3D Slicer.
3D Slicer is a large software package show which is very popular in
biomedical research and advanced thing and you'll get a glimpse into what it's like.
We will look at some of the tools which are used
to simulate clinical network environments.
These would be tools like software for
medical database or packs simulation called Orthang.
This would be tools for simulating the medical imaging
web-based or zero footprint as they're called, viewers called OHIF.
We will look at the Swiss army knife of
a medical image network administrator called DCMTK.
So this is the tool set that you'll be working with
and this brings us to the close of the introductory lesson.
Again, we're excited to have you here and we
hope that you will learn a lot from going through this course.
There's a real need for people who are able to
cross-specialties and have a knowledge of both the medical side of things,
and the technical know-how,
and be able to communicate with cross-disciplinary groups.
So we're excited to share this information with you. Let's get started.